Depth First Traversal (or Search) for a graph is similar to Depth First Traversal of a tree. The only catch here is, unlike trees, graphs may contain cycles, so we may come to the same node again. To avoid processing a node more than once, we use a boolean visited array. It stands for Java Development Kit. It stands for Java Runtime Environment. It stands for Java Virtual Machine. It is the tool necessary to compile, document and package Java programs. JRE refers to a runtime environment in which java bytecode can be executed. It is an abstract machine. It is a specification that provides run-time environment in which java bytecode can be executed. Along with JRE, it includes an interpreter or loader, a compiler (javac), an archiver (jar), a documentation generator (javadoc) and other tools needed in Java development. In short, it contains JRE + development tools. It implements the JVM (Java Virtual Machine) and provides all the class libraries and other support files that JVM uses at runtime. So JRE is a software package that contains what is required to run a Java program. Basically, it’s an implementation of the JVM which physically exists. JVM follows three notations: Specification(document that describes the implementation of the Java virtual machine), Implementation(program that meets the requirements of JVM specification) and Runtime Instance (instance of JVM is created whenever you write a java command on the command prompt and run class). I don't know. 
 i dont know i dont know the answer to that question its a goal Encapsulation Polymorphism Inheritance The main features of OOP are Encapsulation, Polymorphism, and Inheritance. The main advantage of OOP is better manageable code that covers following. The overall understanding of the software is increased as the distance between the language spoken by developers and that spoken by users.  Object orientation eases maintenance by the use of encapsulation.   One can easily change the underlying representation by keeping the methods same.   The main advantage of OOP is better manageable code. Encapsulation is referred to one of the following two notions. 1) Data hiding: A language feature to restrict access to members of an object. For example, private and protected members in C++. 2) Bundling of data and methods together: Data and methods that operate on that data are bundled together.   It is data hiding and bundling of data Polymorphism means that some code or operations or objects behave differently in different contexts. It is a feature that allows a single object to multiple shapes or forms a class is based on another class and uses data and implementation of the other class. The purpose of inheritance is Code Reuse.   The purpose of inheritance is Code Reuse.   It stands for Java Development Kit. It is the tool necessary to compile, document and package Java programs. It stands for Java Development Kit Java Development Kit